9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man. We're
counting down the open of markets in
greater China this morning. Our top
stories, [music]
Asia stocks tracking losses on Wall
Street with AI valuation and spending
concerns hitting sentiment once again.
And Chinese shares though in focus after
[music] that renewed optimism around
tech fueling a sudden rally yesterday,
even as concerns persist [music]
over the economy. Also ahead, BP
appoints Woodside's Meg O'Neill [music]
as its new CEO making her big oil's
first female leader. And President Trump
is set to tout his [music] agenda in a
national TV address as poll suggests
public unease with his economic
approach. We'll be live [music]
in Washington.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Happy Thursday morning to you. Of
course, as we await that televised
speech from President Trump at the top
of the next hour, this is what the state
of play is across markets here right now
where US futures are bumping up slightly
higher here today, but you are seeing
once again Asian equities wavering just
a bit on the whole AI trade. So,
obviously we got to talk about that
Oracle Blue Owl sort of
story there that seems to be leading to
a lot of questions about the spending
plans of some of these AI players here.
You you square that with the Micron we
had a upbeat forecast. So, there's sort
of two sort of forces at play there when
it comes to that AI trade. But for now,
seems like we are mostly lower across
Asia with Japan and Korea really leading
the charge there. Taiwan doing slightly
better, but we're still lower by about
half of 1% as things come online there.
Uh you take a look at how you know the
dollar is faring as well. Of course, we
heard from Chris Waller's with some more
dovish remarks. Uh that certainly is why
we're seeing maybe the dollar a little
bit on the weaker side of things here.
Uh we're talking about dollar-yen back
to 155 levels with just one day to go
before the BOJ. Uh but also when it came
to of course the pound watching very
closely, right? We had that inflation
print overnight from the UK dropping
more than expected. So, pretty much
building the case and giving room for
the BOE to cut possibly there. Uh we're
watching very closely of course what
goes on uh when it comes to oil markets,
right? given that we have seen more
geopolitics when it comes to Russia. Uh
maybe more curbs on that front here as
President Trump tries to get closer to
some sort of Ukraine peace deal. Also
when it comes to Venezuela, so we
continue to see oil markets a little bit
elevated here this morning and really
kind of uh sparking and really kind of
coming out of this sort of slump that
we've seen uh when it comes to crude.
So, Brent is at around $60 an hour 1 and
1/2% to the upside here. Uh we're
watching silver after reaching another
record yesterday. We're coming off that
just slightly, but gold also slightly
under pressure here in the Asia session.
Uh when it came to China, it was
interesting yesterday, right? We were
talking all through the show just 24
hours ago about how there was pressure.
Uh but then again, we also had this kind
of sudden rally in the late afternoon,
right? You know, there was optimism of
course around that Meta X
IPO in Shanghai. Uh there also we take a
look at when it comes to these ETFs and
the ones that the national team are the
so-called linked ones there. They
actually did quite well. So, certainly
that's going to be a key focus here
whether there was that sort of national
team stepping in late yesterday. Uh but
certainly when it comes to futures,
they're slightly lower here today. We're
watching the brokerages very closely as
well just given uh we saw the move about
10-minute up for some of them yesterday
just given the speculation about the
national team. So, certainly that's
going to be one thing to watch very
closely in terms of your agenda here
today. You have that renminbi strength
and really you're seeing this divergence
between renminbi strength and equity
weakness. Whether that continues is
certainly a key question we'll be
asking. That Wanda meeting is happening
today, right? So, we have talked about
the sweeteners that Wanda has offered
here to try to avert a default. We'll
see what happens in this meeting later
on. Uh CITIC trading resumption here
today, so watching of course on the back
of not just with this brokerage rally,
but this as well.
E-commerce stocks. So, uh there is a
warning here from some of these retail
platforms from China against pushing for
lower prices. So, once again, that
anti-involution push that we're seeing.
We're still waiting for data when it
comes to FDI as well. Let's bring in our
M Live executive editor Mark Cutmore to
kind of kick off
and really set the scene for us here
today. So, we continue to see, you know,
risk assets are been pretty volatile for
all this week here, Mark. Tell us what's
top of mind for you.
I think this dynamic of choppy markets
with downside risk is going to sustain
for the next kind of week or so. I'm a
little bit worried as we get into lower
liquidity next week that we get a bit
more of a serious flush out. I think
that you know that the the vulnerable
hands at the moment are those those day
traders who are long. That's where the
pressure is. So, we could see some stops
cleaned out and and it could be more
difficult. So, on a on a short-term
basis and what I mean by that is the
next two to three weeks,
uh I'm I'm definitely a bit more bearish
on global stocks. I think the crypto
sector is where a lot of the intensity
is where the digital asset treasury
companies, particularly MicroStrategy,
remain under pressure. That's wearing on
the broader cryptosphere and that's
wearing on the retail uh sphere in a
more broader sense, which means it hits
more the the meme-y AI names or the
favored AI names or those kind of
high-profile names. And that's kind of
wearing on the the broader sector. The
bigger picture backdrop though is that,
you know, 2026 looks quite bullish.
Growth globally is holding up okay.
We've got the Fed that is easing policy
despite the fact that growth is holding
up okay. We've got fiscal stimulus being
pumped in around the world. Uh so, for
financial assets, it should be good. We
do have an AI bubble as a backdrop, but
we're in the inflation stage of the AI
bubble. We're in the bullish stage of
the bubble when it should inflate much
more to come. So, I think that the
structural backdrop is very bullish, um
but I think there's more downside before
people want to be enthusiastically
buying the dip.
Uh this US CPI print, I mean,
given the fact that the October report
was basically missing. We're getting
some of that October data in this latest
print here. So, it's a one of the first
sort of comprehensive sort of prints
we've seen uh when it comes to where
price developments are going to be in
the US. How important is it going to be
for the market this time around, Mark?
Yeah, you know what? I think it's one of
those data prints where people get very
excited in the short term, but a week
later we'll move on from it. It was like
the jobs report earlier this week where
we kind of hyped it up. People did trade
it, but you know, we've already moved on
from it. I think people will just say
that because the the lockdown, because
of the changing Fed board, this doesn't
really matter. So, I don't think it's
it's a macro print at all. It's just
it's a short-term day trader print. The
macro backdrop is that, you know,
inflation has been above target in the
US for a very long period of time and
unlikely to get back to target. Now,
there's a there's a valid debate about
is it going to run away to the top side
of easy monetary policy or are do we
have enough deflationary trends in the
price? Will AI help that kind of
deflationary trend that means it while
inflation will stay high, it won't
become uncontrolled? And that's the big
debate going into next year and today's
print won't resolve that even if the day
traders get excited.
Mark, thank you. Mark Cutmore there, our
M Live executive editor joining us out
of Singapore here this morning. Let's
talk about these Chinese markets, right?
What happened in yesterday with that
sudden rally there really reversing the
the two days of sell-off that we've
seen. Let's bring in SiFu, China
portfolio strategist at Goldman Sachs
and she's here with us in the studios.
Um you know, Mark we're talking about
choppy markets. We're certainly seeing
that in in China as well. How are you
looking at this volatility that we're
seeing here right now and whether we can
continue with the rally yesterday? Yeah.
Uh if we look at the market performance
before the recent correction, I mean
before the rally yesterday, we had a
meaningful correction. So, before that
the MSCI China have rallied more than
30% this year. So, that gives many
investors decent returns. So, from
September, we've already seen some
investors took profits. So, that caused
the most recent correction. We think
it's kind of healthy because after such
a rally mainly led by valuation
re-rating, uh people take a break and
they rethink about their portfolio,
reconstruct their portfolio. I think
this is healthy correction. Uh but like
for yesterday's rally, I think there are
some rumors in the market uh with light
turnover at the end of the year and any
rumors, any news in the market are
causing more stronger response. So,
that's why I think yesterday it seems
the market is now more volatile, but I
don't think it's changed overall view.
The overall view, we're starting to see
when it comes to the data, right? Where
you you're starting to see softer
figures for the fourth quarter.
And it's starting to weigh in the
market. Do you think that's going to be
a continued constraint for this market?
The the growth concerns? I agree that
the weak data does cause more concerns,
especially if we look at October data is
particularly weak in property
investment. In November data is
particularly weak in retail sales. So,
that's kind of suggest the traditional
economy, the old part, is still
challenging. So, that caused more
concern about weak consumption will
sustain for longer. Property market
haven't seen the bottom. So, these are
the discussion we did heard from
investor conversations. Uh but at the
same time, people are also positive
about technology development, AI related
investment opportunities. So, we kind of
see the divergent ideas about the
market. So, that's also inconsistent
with consistent with our view that we
think the return dispersion will
continue to be huge next year. So, on
consumption side, we are also more
cautious, but on the technology side, we
are more optimistic.
>> How are are the global long-only funds
positioned now around this market here?
Are they It seems like there's still
some funds out there globally that are
still quite bullish on this market
because of the tech sector. Yeah,
exactly. If I look at the EM Asian
mandate, actually they raised their
allocation quite meaningfully this year.
But in the recent 1 month, they trimmed
their allocation a little bit similar as
the hedge fund they took some profit and
adjust portfolio a little bit. So their
allocation down like 20 bips. Now they
hold around 7% in Chinese equities
compared with last year the trough level
was 5%. So we've already seen a
meaningful improvement, but as we see
the global mandate ones haven't really
fully returned to the market. Still more
than half of the funds haven't allocated
in China. The benchmark weight is 5%.
Their actual allocation is 1.7%. So
there's still a huge gap there. That's
also where we see the potential may come
from for next year. They are getting
much more interested in China. They talk
to us more, but in terms of portfolio
they haven't adjusted that aggressively
given you the US market remains strong.
Ah, so they're still kind of holding off
but more interest. Exactly.
>> What is still holding them back?
I think the macro problem is still
there.
We still need to discuss about property
market, consumption, inflation,
everything before we talk about the
opportunities there. So that is still
hold them back a little bit. What what's
sort of the policy assumptions that
you're making for next year then? Given
the fact that you've you're starting to
hear from the rhetoric from even from Xi
Jinping about the focus on domestic
demand, the rebalancing of the economy
that perhaps we might not get sort of
big stimulus next year. Yeah, if we look
at the recent central economic working
conference, we still see modestly
pro-growth policy stance. So they still
pledge to have more like easing on
fiscal, on monetary, on property and the
recent article from President Xi
emphasized they want to boost
consumption domestic demand. So overall
we think the policy will remain be
supportive, but compared with last
September when we have the this
September policy period, definitely this
year we see the policy is more measured.
So it really depends on like how much we
need rather than they proactively give
more policy. So this is still the
expectation we have.
>> So we'll we'll have more from Sue from
Goldman Sachs here at the bottom of this
hour here as we mark this open. Coming
up, we're talking about Wanka here.
Bloomberg is learning that the Chinese
property developer is asking some banks
to [music] accept delayed interest
payments. The latest on its debt
restructuring attempts later on in the
show. We're also counting on the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen [music] and
Hong Kong. This is the China show. A
beautiful look outside on [music] this
Thursday morning. Futures are down. This
is Bloomberg.
All right, we're checking futures here
this morning slightly under pressure
when it comes to China here today. We'll
see if we can continue on with that
rally that we saw yesterday, but
certainly has been pretty choppy when it
comes to the trade this week. But take a
look at what it comes to you remember be
fixed. Of course we're waiting for that
as well just given the strength we've
seen, right? We're at 703 levels right
now for dollar China. We're still
waiting for that here this morning.
There you go. 705 83 still weaker than
expected from the from economists there.
So certainly there they seem another
signal from the PBOC there that you know
they are trying to slow down some of the
gains that we've seen in the currency of
late. We'll talk a little more about
that dichotomy, right? Stronger RMB but
still not doing much in terms of helping
this equity market of late. We'll have
that correlation and talk a little more
about that with Sue as well. Let's get
to data point. We were just talking to
Mark about this November CPI report
coming out of the US a little bit later
on. So this was the estimates. So CPI
3.1% core should be around a 3% print
according to the street out there and
certainly that's going to be one thing
to watch. And Bloomberg Economics has
been also crunching the numbers as well.
They expect when it comes to inflation
in most tariff exposed goods categories
has already peaked or soon will. Let's
bring in our US and Canada economist
Stuart Paul. He joins us now from New
York. Stuart, thanks for staying up for
us. Yeah, you've been crunching I think
millions of dollar millions of prints
out there when it comes to everything
online and really coming up with this
sort of view that maybe we've reached a
peak when it comes to tariff induced
sort of pass through. Tell us a little
more about what you found.
It's actually really interesting Yvonne.
When we look at the millions of
different goods categories that we
collect data on that we've collected
data on since April, it looks like in a
lot of the most tariff exposed goods
categories inflation actually peaked in
October. Interestingly enough, that was
the month that the government was shut
down the entire the federal government
was shut down the entire month. So we're
not going to have a very clean inflation
print for October, but we actually do
expect to see a little bit lower
inflation than the consensus is
expecting. We're expecting a 3.0%
year-on-year headline CPI print in part
because tariff pass through appears to
have started slowing. And when we think
about what's going to be coming down the
road in 2026, we've also examined dozens
of different earnings transcripts,
earnings calls transcripts and producers
are referencing cost pressures far less
than they were closer to the middle of
the year and in Q2. And when producers
are experiencing lessening cost
pressures, we expect to see again less
tariff pass through. So we think that
the real risk is that inflation is going
to materially slow down in the first
quarter of next year.
What about services, right? Do you think
this whole deflationary trend that we're
seeing in in the services side? It does
that sort of have
stronger legs?
I think so. We've a major component
within services is shelter, of course.
And home prices have faced material
headwinds from relatively restrictive
interest rates and we've seen rent slow.
In fact, some of the hottest markets in
the United States, Austin, Texas, Miami,
Florida, Dallas, Texas, Nashville,
Tennessee, all those places that you've
been thinking of as hotbeds for shelter
inflation, rents have actually been
cooling materially in those regions of
the country of the country. And when
that's the case and we start seeing even
further
slowing of shelter inflation, it's going
to ripple through into the rest of CPI.
And again, we have turning over of goods
inflation, that continual slowing of
services inflation and I think that the
risk again is for inflation to take a
leg down in 2026.
And what is how does this reinforce sort
of those rate expectations then Stuart?
Because we talk about the divisions that
we still see among the FOMC about where
inflation is going to be
next year. How high is that bar now for
the Fed to cut further next year?
Well, so right now the median FOMC
participant expects just one 25 basis
point cut next year. Markets are pricing
in two 25 basis point cuts next year. We
expect to see three or more and it's in
large part because of unexpected
slowdown in inflation, but right now we
also just have a very tenuous balance in
the labor market. There is very little
hiring going on right now. We're running
pretty close to the break even hiring
pace. That's the pace necessary to keep
the unemployment rate steady right now
just above 4 and 1/2%. If we see another
uptick in the unemployment rate, that
could be enough to get another interest
rate cut in the first half of this year
and then sequential cuts at each meeting
in the second half of next year. And so
again, we think that the risk is skewed
towards slowing inflation,
an imbalance in the labor market leading
to a rise in the unemployment rate and
relatively quick interest rate cuts
especially in the second half of next
year.
And next year we obviously going to see
a new Fed chair. I mean there's all this
talk about whether it's going to be
Waller or Hassett and the like, but at
the end of the day it seems like the
market is is tilting a little bit more
towards, you know, it's going to be a
more dovish Fed chair. What are your
expectations really? And and like these
concerns about Fed independence, how how
much should we really be concerned about
that?
I think we should be concerned about Fed
independence. We've built an index that
explores just how constructive or
destructive political language is, how
supportive or how again destructive
political language is for Fed
independence. And we have actually never
seen the index fall as low as it has
pointing to
material pressure on the Fed and the
possibility of political capture so to
speak. We do expect to see a more dovish
chairman whether that comes in the form
of Kevin Hassett or Kevin Warsh or
Christopher Waller, currently one of the
governors on the Board of Governors of
the FOI of the Federal Reserve System.
In any event, we're definitely going to
see a more dovish Fed chairman taking
the reins in May. The question is how
many voting members of the FOMC can they
add to their coalition to cut rates? We
actually think that the economic
circumstances are going to be what
drives a coalition to allow for
additional rate cuts next year.
Stuart, it's great to have you. Thank
you so much for staying up. Stuart Paul
there from Bloomberg Economics joining
us out of New York as we count down to
that CPI print. Also that President
Trump's speech there at primetime 9:00
p.m. Washington as he talks about that
one year in office and really touting
his economic sort of policies there. So
that's what's expected in this speech.
And in meantime, let's take a look at
what it comes to the premarket uh Hong
Kong. So we're just opening up here and
[music] slightly to the downside. We're
at 25,330.
Futures are lower here this morning and
a 703 handle for dollar China. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Here are some major
stories that we're following today.
E-commerce firm PDD is said to have
fired a government [music] relations
team in Shanghai after staff brawled
with Chinese regulators during company
checks earlier this month. [music]
Sources say the fight happened during
investigations into reports of
fraudulent deliveries [music] on the
platform. The incident could lead to
more scrutiny of PDD from [music] state
regulators. Tencent has appointed Yao
Shen Niu as its chief AI scientist,
[music] entrusting the former Open AI
researcher with leading its AI efforts.
Yao will report directly to President
Martin Lau and also [music] head the
company's AI infrastructure department.
Tencent's move is the latest in a series
of high-profile hires in the sector
[music] this year, most notably led by
Meta.
Chinese visitor growth to Japan slowed
in November by the most in almost 4
years amid a political dispute [music]
over Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's
comments about Taiwan. Arrivals from
China rose just 3% from a year earlier
last [music] month, marking the slowest
increase since January 2022. Beijing has
discouraged travel to Japan and ordered
airlines [music] to cut flights through
next March. Take a look at what comes to
your pre-market and we are seeing Hang
Seng just slightly to the downside here.
Uh and we're seeing HS Tech seems to be
a lag lower here today. We're down about
1% uh right now. H shares are certainly
what we're seeing. They're still seeing
if we reach or at least get to that
correction territory here today. Uh
we're at still seeing that strong yuan
bid at 703.96.
In terms of stocks to watch, Wanka is
certainly one to watch here today.
They're proposing delaying that yuan
bond that was This is the December 20
due due That's the due on December 28th,
I should say. Uh that one is certainly
to watch here today just given uh we are
going to be expecting some sort of
meeting on Thursday as well. Uh let's
take a look at CICC. They're resuming
trade here. They're also issuing uh 16
billion dollars in shares uh for this
takeover. We're up 7% uh for the the
stock here right now in the Hong Kong uh
listed ones here and we're watching some
tech plays as well, whether it's Xiaomi
or whether it's SenseTime here. So,
Xiaomi planning nearly 6 billion dollars
when it comes to research and
development investment in 2026,
according to one report. Uh Xiaomi
though has been cut to a [music] hold at
Jefferies here. SenseTime also having a
share placement there here this [music]
morning. Uh shares are lower by about
close to 4%. We got the open coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We are cutting down the open of
markets here today and it looks like
things are a little bit uh when it comes
to the sentiment [music] is slightly to
the negative side here. We're down about
half of 1%. Doing a little bit better
than the rest of the region though.
[music] Uh we are seeing some choppy
trade when it comes to some of the
tech-heavy benchmarks in Japan as well
as Korea here today given some wobbles
in the whole AI trade overnight, whether
it's this Oracle [music]
Blue Owl sort of uh story that we've
been talking about. Uh and also when it
comes to Micron though, that was
actually more of an upbeat guidance from
[music] the chipmaker. But yes, it seems
like we're leaning less towards risk on
and more towards risk off. You take a
look at how this market open is shaping
up. Uh what has been bucking this trend
has been the ChiNext though. That has
been remarkable. [music] We saw a rally
of over 3% and that continues on some of
these small caps uh in particular. But
here is your onshore market open here.
CSI 300 uh down about 6/10 of 1%.
Shanghai is also now around that 3,857
level here this morning. Uh we're
watching very closely what happens when
it comes to the Shanghai crude markets
as well given the fact that we have seen
geopolitical risk and that premium being
priced back into oil markets given what
we've seen in Venezuela uh and Russia as
well. Uh we're up about 1% for Shanghai
crude. Uh we flip the boards and see
what goes on here uh when it comes to
the ChiNext. So, there you go. We're
selling off a little bit uh after what
we have seen a pretty stunning rally
there uh in Shenzhen. Hang Seng is doing
this here right now. HS Tech is lower by
about 1.3%. HSBC seems to be the
standout there. There's a great story
about uh the CEO George Elhedery is
actually going to be temporarily moving
to Hong Kong uh in the next uh soon. Uh
so, certainly that's going to be one
thing to watch for the stock. Uh what we
are seeing Alibaba and some heavy
selling when it comes to that stock and
Baidu as well. They're both lower by
close to 2% or more. Tencent is also
lower by about 8/10 of 1%. There was a
story from Reuters uh as we talk about
this uh this this sort of the
breakthrough that we're seeing when it
comes uh to AI and the like. So,
certainly that's going to be one thing
to watch here in some of these sort of
equipment makers and the like that could
actually uh be in in you know
in line with what we're seeing with ASML
and what they do, right? So, that
certainly is one thing to watch. Uh also
there was this line about warning retail
platforms again pushing for lower
prices. So, there you go. Anti-evolution
is certainly one thing to track here
today. Perhaps that's why some of these
e-commerce names are slightly lower here
today. Uh you take a look at what it
comes to brokerages. So, that certainly
was the big thing yesterday, right? Cuz
you take a look at some of the turnover
on some of these ETFs that you know,
have been linked to of course the
national team buying and they basically
turnover reached about 19
you know, billion yuan yesterday, which
is above average that we've seen the
last few weeks. So, you know, certainly
there's speculation that national team
might have stepped in yesterday during
late trade. That's why we saw that
sudden rally. Uh also there is the CICC
resuming trade after of course this
merger that was announced. Uh they want
to buy Dongxing Securities, Cinda
Securities. So, those two are are
rallying quite a bit here today. Uh
those broker stocks certainly reacting
quite positively. We're seeing Dongxing
up close to 10%. But some of these you
know, stocks in particular were almost
limit up just given the activity that we
saw uh in the late part of the session
there. But they are selling off and
coming off a little bit here today, some
of these big ones uh in some of the pro
brokerages. Chipmakers certainly
yesterday's story was Meta X given that
you know, we minted a new another
billionaire when it comes to the AI
space here uh with Meta X uh after what
we saw, which was basically 500 plus
percent
gains here. We're coming off just
slightly, right? 6% uh and really you
know, mimicking what we saw with War
Threads in particular too. That stock is
also slightly lower by about 3% here.
So, the chips getting a little bit
pressure here today, but they certainly
had a a pretty good session thanks to
Meta X yesterday as well. So, we're also
watching GigaDevice Semiconductor. That
also getting a nod for a Hong Kong
listing. That stock is up some 3%. Uh
let's talk a little bit more about what
we've been seeing, right? You know, this
this weakness in the equity market, the
wobbles that we've been seeing.
You're starting to see this divergence
between the currency as well as the
stock market, right? Before there was
more of a positive correlation between
the two. When you had a strong yuan,
that
helped fuel some inflows into this
equity market. That seems to be breaking
down of late here given that we're
seeing mounting concerns over the
economy and rising valuations that is
sapping sentiment. Let's take it to
Winnie Shu, our Asia equities reporter.
She joins us now from Tokyo.
You know, while China's markets were
stabilizing a bit yesterday after that
recent sell-off, Winnie, the contrast
we're seeing between the weakness in
equities and the yuan is becoming more
apparent.
Tell us a little more about this
divergence and what's driving it.
Yeah, exactly, Yvonne. We were We've
been talking about this whole uh
positive loop between the yuan and the
stocks for a big chunk of this year, but
recently that divergence is really
getting more apparent. We're talking
about the 20-day correlation between the
yuan and the the MSCI China dropping to
the lowest in more than a year. And
actually these uh there are different
factors moving the two assets, right? On
one hand, you have the yuan uh the yuan
strengthening to a 14-month uh strength
um on how the PBOC has a stronger fixing
and how traders are focusing more on the
fact that the government is in no rush
to have further aggressive easing, but
focusing instead on the potential
appreciation of the yuan to support the
economy uh rebalancing away from
focusing so much on uh the exporters and
how uh uh how the the stronger yuan
could actually help um the domestic
strength. But on the other hand, you've
got this continuous weakness in stocks.
In fact, we are still close to all these
uh key milestones and correction levels
and that is really being weighed on the
weakness of the economy potentially
pressuring the growth and the
profitability of companies. So, as one
strategist put it for us, right now the
currency is trading on the policy floor
while equities are really uh constrained
by the growth ceiling.
And what are the analysts saying, right?
The ones that you've been talking to. Do
they expect this this gap to to continue
or or can it actually reverse?
Yeah, so actually for the near term,
we're still seeing a further widening of
the gap just because uh how we haven't
really been seeing lots of signs when it
comes to the growth recovery or the uh
earnings improvement when it comes to
the stock market. So, very likely
without a fresh catalyst, we are still
uh likely going to see equities to
continue to lag that strength of the
yuan because on the other side, further
uh ex-expectations
around the strengthening of the yuan
with Goldman Sachs saying that the yuan
right now is undervalued by about 25%
and more calls for the stronger yuan
right now from these top economists and
also these former
central bankers. So, for now, it might
likely going to widen further, but for
the longer term, like you mentioned, a
stronger yuan can help
the the capital inflow and can help
stabilize the financial stability. So,
that is actually good for the Chinese
market. So, the longer term, we are
expecting the the two uh assets to still
strengthening for the time being. And
it's just more upside that we're seeing
in terms of next year's outlook for the
yuan. And also on the equity space, when
strategists are expecting the two
sessions next year in March to support
policy to translate into growth for
these companies.
What issue? Thank you, our Asia equities
reporter joining us out of Tokyo here
this morning. Let's bring back Sue Fu,
China portfolio strategist at Goldman
Sachs. How do you see this relationship
between RMB and equities fairing for
next year then? Yeah. Uh we do we expect
like modest RMB appreciation because if
we look at the long term,
uh we think RMB is still cheap in the
equilibrium level. Uh so, that's why we
think it will appreciate a little bit,
especially we expect dollar will weaken
a little bit with with the rate cut. But
we don't think it will hold the export
growth.
Uh we don't think it will hurt the
fundamental of Chinese company that
much. But if we look at MSCI China,
historically, RMB appreciation is
positive to it because of the
translation gain. Uh but this time, as
we just mentioned, it seems the
correlation is at historical low because
of different fundamental reasons. In
terms of investment strategies, what
what are some of the things that you're
you're talking to clients about for next
year now? Is it still AI? Is that still
going to be the biggest driver?
Uh I think the first thing we we need to
talk about is the 15th 5-year plan. Mhm.
Uh next year is the first year of the
5-year. So, definitely the government
will continue pushing all the policies
and the local government will definitely
begin to implement all the policy
directions. So, that's why we think it's
important to look into the like
documents to figure out what are the
targets, what are the areas that the
policy is focusing on. Uh especially, we
have reviewed the past two decades for
15th 5-year plan. Uh actually, we we we
noticed that uh
China rarely meets the target,
especially the quantitative ones. This
is one thing. So, if they still have a
growth target, uh which we will know in
the next two sessions, if uh we still
have a number there, then definitely it
means policy will continue to support to
meet the target. The other thing is if
we select the right sectors, we look at
the past two decades, if you correctly
select the top five sectors
uh with the highest policy uh lactose,
then you can gain more than 10% alpha
each year. So, that means we need to
study the documents carefully. So, this
time, I think the clear focus is
technology, security, and the people's
livelihood. These are the three areas we
think are important. Can you tell us a
little more about this portfolio that
you've kind of constructed here around
the sort of 15 5-year plan here? You
know, you mentioned about some of these
sectors here, but it really kind of
focuses on high-quality growth, the tech
sector, and innovation, investing in
people as well. Tell us a little more
about that.
>> Uh we have looked into the documents and
uh figured out for each sentence which
sector it mentions and compare that with
last 5-year plan to see the tone whether
it's improving or declining. So, we give
a ranking for all the different
subsectors. And uh what we noticed is
clearly the hard tech part, including
AI-related part, humanoid robotics,
supply chain, as well as advanced
technology, advanced manufacturing,
these are clear areas that uh the policy
are focusing on. But besides that, we
also see like biotech, uh agriculture,
uh also some new materials. These are
also sectors being discussed as well.
Uh so, that's why we figured out all the
subsectors uh talking with positive tone
in the documents. And then we screened
50 stocks there. We focus on mid caps,
which continue having growth potential.
And also, we look at their uh like R&D
intensity. We look at uh their revenue
growth. Basically, we try to figure out
which company in these sectors still
growing their revenue earnings
dramatically. So, this 50
of stocks covers 22 different
subsectors. It's broad-based. And this
portfolio gives us around 30% earnings
growth annually in the next 2 years,
expected. So, um this is more like a mid
cap growth portfolio people can focusing
on. Uh other things that you're focusing
on is is
anti-involution. And we talk about, you
know, we haven't quite seen this
campaign play out in some of the key
sectors like food delivery, like autos
and the like so far. Materials, I think
is where you're seeing most, I guess, in
terms of revisions. I I expected to see
this to broaden out a little bit, this
campaign, and to really kind of benefit
other sectors as well.
Yeah. Uh remember in July when we first
talked about anti-involution, people's
expectation was it's more like a
top-down policy push. Mhm. So, at that
time, people were looking forward for
document coming from NDRC to lay out
what are the measures, what are the
targets, but actually it it is not. What
we are seeing now is is more coming down
to different industries. It's led by
industry associations and joined by the
companies who try to make effort to cut
their capacity, cut their capex to
improve their pricing and the profit
margin. Mhm. So, that's why from the
data we see, especially from the third
quarter, margin as you mentioned,
material is the sector where we are
seeing some
profit improvements. So, that's is the
direction what we are looking forward.
Mhm. Uh it may come from more bottom-up
company efforts leading profit margin
improvements. So, where price is
improving Yeah. is what investors need
to focus on. What about when it comes to
companies going global? That was a big
theme this year as well. It seems like
you're seeing a lot of that, but there's
also a lot of tensions that you're
seeing externally as well from this. So,
how should I be looking at some of these
companies now? Yeah. Our view is we we
are still quite bullish about export.
Our economist is continuing expecting
growth to be driven by export.
Uh but we did get some pushback. Some
investors are concerned like other
nations may have different measures to
at least uh
pushback a little bit.
>> concerns. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Uh but why we are still quite bullish is
first,
uh we think it seems the rare earth card
is playing. Even we consider the
US-China relations, it seems uh when
other people see other nations thinking
about measures to China, definitely they
need to be more careful. So, that's why
we think a dramatic like tariff increase
or quite dramatic measures
um will be less likely. Mhm.
At the same time, if you look at the
companies, they are improving their
market share with higher quality
products. Not only for cheap price, but
at same time, if you look at a few
different supply chains, Chinese company
is becoming more dominating. It's a
little bit more difficult to be
replaced.
>> Mhm. So, that will give the resilience
as we expect. All right. Sue Fu, thank
you. China portfolio strategist at
Goldman Sachs. Uh coming up, we're going
to talk about, of course, new
consumption and the like here [music]
and the fortunes around PopMart, right?
The stock route that we're talking about
is raising questions [music] over
whether it has turned things around as
this Labubu craze seems to be fading.
We'll take a closer look at the
company's prospects later on in the
show. [music] This is Bloomberg.
Well, we're talking Vanke now. Bloomberg
has learned that the property developer
has asked some commercial banks to
accept delayed interest payments as it
grapples with mounting liquidity
pressure. Let's bring in our China
correspondent, Emma Liu. She's been
joining us here and tell us a little
more about what we know about these
expanded debt talks. Yes, so this is
according to what sources have told
Bloomberg, and Vanke had met with some
representatives from banks and insurers,
asking them to accept to accept delayed
payments interest payments.
Uh we separately know that they had
issued a filing uh saying that they had
secured extension on a guaranteed loan
by a year that's provided by another
bank. And in the meantime, we are
watching very closely the bondholder
meeting that is taking place at 10:00
a.m. because they had failed to secure a
bondholder's approval to defer a bond
payment that was due earlier this week
on Monday. Um so, they are going to meet
them at 10:00 a.m. and bondholders will
be voting on whether they would approve
the new proposal, which will include
some credit enhancements. They're still
calling for an extension of the
principal payment by a year, but they
will pay the interest payment by next
Monday. Uh if that doesn't come through,
the other option is they are also asking
for an extension of the grace period to
end of January. So, that buys them more
time to negotiate, but we'll see what
happens later. Yeah. In terms of the
options, right? What what what options
do bondholders have right now? So, right
now, if no deal is reached, the the
grace period would expire by next
Monday. So, if uh Vanke doesn't pay up
by then, then bondholders can call a
default. So, in the meantime, like I
said, they could either call for an
extension, continue to give them an
extended grace period, but some analysts
are saying it might be better for them
to call default now just to give them a
better chance of recovery of their
assets because some analysts are saying
that given the liquidity conditions, it
is likely it's probably not a question
of if but a question of when Vanka would
go through a holistic debt
restructuring. And if that really
happens, then you know, the big
shareholder like Shenzhen Metro, they
will be laying claims on some of the
most valuable assets and that leaves the
bond holders with very little to
to lay claim on.
>> All right. Let me know there on what to
expect in this bond holder meeting later
on this morning. Of course, if you are a
subscriber and want to rewatch some of
our segments, you can do that via our
interactive TV function TV Go. You can
also become part of the conversations
and ask instant messages [music] or
questions for our guests throughout the
shows. Check it out at TV Go.
>> [music]
>> You're looking at live pictures of the
White House here today. We're just
moments away from hearing from President
Trump set to deliver an address to the
nation at the top of the next hour and
that's as we start to see polls
suggesting that voters are souring on
his handling of the economy. Let's bring
in our Bloomberg Balance of Power
co-anchor Joe Mathieu. He joins us live
in DC here this evening. Joe, always
good to have you in the program. It
looks like this is going to be a speech
that's going to be touting his one year
in office and his economic agenda
overall. What else is expected?
Well, it's a great question because we
really technically don't know. The
signals that Bloomberg news is getting
from the White House is that yes, this
will be an economically central speech.
He'll get to the issue of affordability,
which is the big buzzword right now in
Washington knowing that high prices have
been a very stubborn issue for this
White House much like the one before it.
And to your point, the most recent AP
poll showing the president at an
all-time low 31% at least so far in this
term when it comes to his handling of
the economy. But there are so many other
issues that he could grasp on and this
might be a bit of a variety show
remembering that Donald Trump indeed
used to host a reality program and he
knows a bit about how to use TV. It's a
primetime address in the United States.
All the networks are taking this. A lot
of folks might not realize that Donald
Trump is about to invade their living
room 9 minutes or so from now. We did
just learn for instance from the
Secretary of Defense that the
administration has struck another
alleged drug boat off the coast of
Venezuela. We could hear more about
this. The president last evening
announcing a blockade outside of
Venezuela and may well announce further
policy changes tonight. If you're
keeping track here, that makes for 26
strikes against alleged drug boats
killing nearly 100 people. There are
also questions about what he might have
to say about the war in Ukraine for
instance and some other domestic issues
here this evening. So, we could have a
bit of a whirlwind from the president
this evening. Maybe it's a preview of
his State of the Union address, but it's
somewhat unusual for him to use this
format in primetime from the White House
at this hour. So, we're deeply curious
to know what he has to announce.
Yeah, and walk us through what next
year's going to look like, right? As we
get closer to the midterms and the like
and you talk about it a time against a
backdrop where his his numbers are not
looking too good.
What more could we expect in terms of
the policy side of things next year?
Well, I would for instance expect before
even we see more policy changes, more
travel. The president made his first
trip to Pennsylvania just about a week
ago. J.D. Vance made a similar trip this
week and we understand that there'll be
a little bit more cadence to his travel
as he tries to beat the drum on the
economic message. Remembering the big
beautiful bill as the president like to
call it
made permanent the Trump tax cuts and
brought other stimulative factors to the
economy that they think is going to mean
an economic boom in 2026. Now, the
markets may have another
take on this and the Federal Reserve
might as well, but that's going to be
the message from the president. They're
working to get prices down to increase
growth.
The message from J.D. Vance has been
have patience. Next year will be better
than this one.
Joe, thank you. Our Washington
correspondent and co-anchor of Bloomberg
Balance of Power Joe Mathieu there.
We'll come to you of course after for
analysis of Trump's speech happening in
just about 7 minutes time. Now, let's
check the markets before that though. We
are watching of course uh China chip
equipment. There was this Reuters report
talking about some of the breakthroughs
that we're seeing when it comes to that
front that could in some ways
counter the competition you see with
ASML, which basic basically dominates
that sort of sector there. So,
scientists have developed the working
EUV prototype here. You're seeing a bit
of a mixed picture across the likes of
SMSC and Hua Hong, but you are watching
some of these other ones that are
somewhat looking a little more positive
here today. These equipment makers. When
it comes to the biggest loser that we're
seeing on the HSI, it's a bit of a mix
whether it's the likes of Xiaomi,
Chaotai, Folk, Pop Mart as we talk about
here, right? Where the valuation has
basically headed back to the trough
after that 40% stock route that we've
seen. Have we reached the peak when it
comes to this Labubu craze? We'll talk
about that in a little bit, right?
Because the analysts are still quite
bullish, right? There's still about 44
or so buys
around this stock here right now and
that price target still expecting double
digit in terms of upside for the stock
right now. Lenovo is also slightly lower
here by about 2% here. The rest of the
dashboard and what China look at like
here today on this Thursday morning is
slightly on the back foot as well. Maybe
led by of course the drags that we're
seeing across the tech sector. Hang Seng
is down about 4/10 of 1% and we're
seeing when it comes to the onshore
markets, they're looking at looking a
little bit better than than Hong Kong of
late here. So, we'll we'll continue to
watch what goes on. Obviously, Meta X
was something that [music] did kind of
pump a lot of optimism on the onshore
markets here. CSI 300 though is down
4/10 of 1%. That Trump speech [music]
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. This is the Chatter Show
happening this hour. President Trump set
to deliver a primetime address in
Washington and really set to detail his
historic accomplishments and maybe even
tease some policy that will be coming in
the new year. That was what we heard
from the White House press secretary
Karoline Leavitt there
leading up to this speech, right? We
talk about how rare it is to have a
primetime speech from the president a
year into office and really at a time
that's quite pivotal. As we count down
to the midterms here, his poll numbers
have been softening here and his
approach to the economy as it heads and
faces headwinds has been front and
center among many voters out there. So,
this is offering him that platform to
highlight his accomplishments, outline
his priorities for the coming year. That
surely is going to be the key focus here
in this hour. CSI 300 in the meantime,
we are seeing a bit of a retreat when it
comes to risk assets here across the
region here today. Before we get to that
speech, let's do a check on these
markets, right? Because that AI trade
certainly had some wobbles given the
fact that we heard from what Oracle and
this Blue Owl sort of deal here that
they're not going to be raising or at
least giving equity when it comes to
funding some of these infrastructure
plays in the like. So, that certainly
led to some concerns, right? Any sort of
bad news when it comes to data centers
is enough to spook these markets and
you're seeing that across the likes of
the Nikkei, Kospi, and Taipei, these
tech heavy sort of benchmarks here, but
it's really Korea as well as Japan
that's feeling it here this morning.
We're seeing 1% declines
there here as well. You take a look at
what it comes to currencies, right? So,
of course, we're counting down to that
November CPI report coming out of the US
as well. Could be the first
comprehensive sort of data point here to
really see how price developments are
shaping up there. 3% print is expected
there when it comes to inflation. But is
it going to reinforce some of those rate
cut expectations there? We'll see. But
certainly it's going to be one thing to
watch, right? Dollar has slightly on the
flat side of things here. Dollar yen is
a little bit yen is a little bit more
weaker here as we count to that BOJ
meeting. We're at 155, 156 levels here
right now. We're watching the pound very
closely here. We had that weak inflation
print out of the UK overnight. Seems to
solidify that they may be willing to cut
in a pre-Christmas sort of gift to the
markets there from the BOE. So, the BOE
set to cut later on here today. Let's
bring you to those live pictures in the
White House where we are expected to
hear President Trump making his
televised address. Let's listen in.
a mess and I'm fixing it. When I took
office, inflation was the worst in 48
years and some would say in the history
of our country, which caused prices to
be higher than ever before making life
unaffordable for millions and millions
of Americans.
This happened during a Democrat
administration and it's when we first
began hearing the word affordability.
Our border was open and because of this,
our country was being invaded by an army
of
25 million people, many who came from
prisons and jails, mental institutions,
and insane asylums. They were drug
dealers, gang members, and even 11,888
murderers, more than 50% of whom killed
more than one person.
This is what the Biden administration
allowed to happen to our country
and it can never be allowed to happen
again.
We had men playing in women's sports,
transgender for everybody, crime at
record levels with law enforcement and
words such as that just absolutely
forbidden.
We had the worst trade deals ever made
and our country was laughed at from all
over the world, but they're not laughing
anymore.
Over the past 11 months, we have brought
more positive change to Washington than
any administration in American history.
There's never been anything like it, and
I think most would agree.
I was elected in a landslide winning the
popular vote and all seven swing states
and everything else with a mandate to
take on a sick and corrupt system
that extra- really just took the wealth
from people and crushed the dreams of
the American people.
For the last 4 years, the United States
was ruled by politicians who fought only
for insiders, illegal aliens, career
criminals, corporate lobbyists,
prisoners, terrorists, and above all
foreign nations which took advantage of
us at levels never seen before. They
flooded your cities and towns with
illegal aliens. They decimated your
hard-earned savings. They indoctrinated
your children with hate for America. We
list Really, I mean, they just released
a level of violent felons that we had
never seen to prey on innocent
They caused war. They caused mayhem.
They caused a horrible situation all
over the globe. But now you have a
president who fights for the
law-abiding, hardworking people of our
country, the ones who make this nation
run, who make this nation work. And
after just 1 year, we have achieved more
than anyone could have imagined.
Starting on day one, I took immediate
action to stop the invasion of our
southern border.
For the past 7 months, zero illegal
aliens have been allowed into our
country, a feat which everyone said was
absolutely impossible.
Do you remember when Joe Biden said that
he needed Congress to pass legislation
to help close the border?
He was always blaming Congress and
everyone else. As it turned out, we
didn't need legislation. We just needed
a new president.
We inherited the worst border anywhere
in the world, and we quickly turned it
into the strongest border in the history
of our country. In other words, in a few
short months, we went from worst to
best. We're deporting criminals,
restoring safety to our most dangerous
cities. Just take a look at Washington,
D.C. It's at levels of safety that we've
never seen before.
And they decimated the bloodthirsty
foreign drug cartels. We did that all by
ourselves with our people, and we're so
proud of it because they were poisoning
and destroying our population. Drugs
brought in by ocean and by sea are now
down 94%.
We have broken the grip of sinister woke
radicals in our schools, and control
over those schools is back now in the
hands of our great and loving states
where education belongs. After
rebuilding the United States military in
my first term, and with the addition we
are adding right now, we have the most
powerful military anywhere in the world,
and it's not even close.
I've restored American strength, settled
eight wars in 10 months, destroyed the
Iran nuclear threat, and ended the war
in Gaza, bringing for the first time in
3,000 years peace to the Middle East and
secured the release of the hostages,
both living and dead.
Here at home, we're bringing our economy
back from the brink of ruin. The last
administration and their allies in
Congress looted our treasury for
trillions of dollars, driving up prices
and everything at levels never seen
before. I am bringing those high prices
down and bringing them down very fast.
Let's look at the facts. Under the Biden
administration, car prices rose 22% and
in many states 30% or more.
Gasoline rose 30 to 50%. Hotel rates
rose 37%. Airfares rose 31%. Now, under
our leadership, they are all coming down
and coming down fast. Democrat
politicians also sent the cost of
groceries soaring. But we are solving
that, too. The price of a Thanksgiving
turkey was down 33% compared to the
Biden last year. The price of eggs is
down 82% since March, and everything
else is falling rapidly.
And it's not done yet, but boy, are we
making progress. Nobody can believe
what's going on.
Here are just some of the efforts that
we have underway that you will see in
your wallets and bank accounts in the
new year. After years of record-setting
falling incomes, our policies are
boosting take-home pay at a historic
pace. Under Biden, real wages plummeted
by $3,000.
Under Trump, the typical factory worker
has seen a wage increase of $1,300.
For construction workers, it's $1,800.
For miners, we're bringing back clean,
beautiful coal, it's $3,300.
And for the first time in years, wages
are rising much faster than inflation.
Remember that. Rate The wages Just look
at it. Wages are going up much faster
than inflation. How big is that? Very
importantly, there are more people
working today than at any time in
American history, and 100% of all jobs
created since I took office have been in
the private sector. Think of that. 100%
of all jobs have been in the private
sector rather than government, which is
the only way to make a country powerful
and great. This historic trend will
continue. Already, I've secured a
record-breaking $18 trillion of
investment into the United States, which
means jobs, wage increases, growth,
factory openings, and far greater
national security. Much of this success
has been accomplished by tariffs, my
favorite word, tariffs, which for many
decades have been used successfully by
other countries against us.
But not anymore. Companies know that if
they build in America, there are no
tariffs, and that's why they're coming
home to the USA in record numbers.
They're building factories and plants at
levels we haven't seen, AI, automobiles.
We're doing what nobody thought was even
possible, not even remotely possible.
There has never, frankly, been anything
like it. One year ago, our country was
dead. We were absolutely dead. Our
country was ready to fail, totally
failed. Now, we're the hottest country
anywhere in the world, and that's said
by every single leader that I've spoken
to over the last 5 months. Next year,
you will also see the results of the
largest tax cuts in American history
that were really accomplished through
our great, big, beautiful bill, perhaps
the most sweeping legislation ever
passed in Congress.
We wrapped 12 different bills up into
one beautiful bill. That includes no tax
on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax
on social security for our great
seniors.
Under these cuts, many families will be
saving between $11,000 and $20,000
a year, and next spring is projected to
be the largest tax refund season of all
time.
>> [snorts]
>> Because of tariffs, along with the
just-passed one big, beautiful bill,
tonight, I am also proud to announce
that more than 1,450,000,
think of this, 1,450,000
military service members will receive a
special, we call warrior dividend before
Christmas, a warrior dividend. In honor
of our nation's founding in 1776,
>> [snorts]
>> we are sending every soldier $1,776.
Think of that. And the checks are
already on the way. Nobody understood
that one until about 30 minutes ago. We
made a lot more money than anybody
thought because of tariffs, and the bill
helped us along. Nobody deserves it more
than our military, and I say
congratulations to everybody. And by the
way, we now have record enlistment in
our military, and last year, we had
among the worst recruitment numbers in
our military's history. What a
difference a year makes. In addition,
I'm doing what no politician of either
party has ever done, standing up to the
special interests to dramatically reduce
the price of prescription drugs.
>> [snorts]
>> I negotiated directly with the drug
companies and foreign nations which were
taking advantage of our country for many
decades to slash prices on drugs and
pharmaceuticals by as much as 400, 500,
and even 600%.
In other words, your drug costs will be
plummeting downward. And I used the
threat of tariffs to get foreign
countries who would never have done it
to pay the cost of this giant dollar
reduction. They stopped ripping us off,
and it began as of 4 days ago. There has
never been anything like this in the
history of our country. Drugs have only
gone up, but now they'll be going down
by numbers never conceived possible.
It's called most favored nation, and no
president has ever had the courage or
ability to get this done until now. The
first of these unprecedented price
reductions will be available starting in
January through a new website,
TrumpRx.gov.
And these big price cuts will greatly
reduce the cost of health care. I'm also
taking on the gigantic health insurance
companies that have gotten rich on
billions of dollars of money that should
go directly to the people. The money
should go to the people. That's you. So
they can buy their own health insurance
which will give far better benefits at
much lower cost. It will be far better
health insurance. The current
Unaffordable Care Act was created to
make insurance companies rich. It was
bad health care at much too higher cost
and you see that now in the steep
increase in premiums being demanded by
the Democrats and they are demanding
those increases and it's their fault. It
is not the Republican's fault. It's the
Democrats' fault.
It's the Unaffordable Care Act and
everybody knew it. Again, I want the
money to go directly to the people so
you can buy your own health care. You'll
get much better health care at a much
lower price. The only losers will be
insurance companies that have gotten
rich and the Democrat Party which is
totally controlled by those same
insurance companies. They will not be
happy but that's okay with me because
you the people are finally going to be
getting great health care at a lower
cost. Another major focus is the cost of
energy. For years the radical left
Democrats exploited the green energy
scam as an excuse to funnel many
billions of dollars into their own
massive slush funds as their energy
restrictions drastically drove up prices
and they drove them up at record levels.
Electricity costs surged 30 to 100%
under Biden and the typical family lost
5,000 to 10,000 dollars in higher energy
cost. Think of that. 5,000 to 10,000
dollars you lost. On day one I declared
a national energy emergency. Gasoline is
now under $2.50 a gallon in much of the
country. In some states it by the way
just hit $1.99
a gallon. And within the next 12 months
we will have opened 1,600
new electrical generating plants, a
record and it's a record that won't be
beaten by practically I would say by
anybody.
Or certainly not very soon. Prices on
electricity and everything else will
fall dramatically. The Democrat
inflation disaster, again, the worst in
the history of our country, also robbed
millions of Americans of home ownership
and indeed the American dream.
The yearly [snorts] cost of a typical
new mortgage increased by $15,000
under Democrat rule. In 11 months we've
already gotten that annual cost down by
$3,000
and it's coming down a lot lower. Wait
till you see. The numbers are going to
be shocking and I'll soon announce our
next chairman of the Federal Reserve,
someone who believes in lower interest
rates by a lot and mortgage payments
will be coming down even further early
the new year and you will see this. In
the new year I will announce some of the
most aggressive housing reform plans in
American history. A major [snorts]
factor in driving up housing costs was
the colossal border invasion.
We have never been invaded. This is the
worst
thing that frankly, in my opinion, the
worst thing that the Biden
administration did to our country is the
invasion
at the border. The last administration
and their allies in Congress brought in
millions and millions of migrants and
gave them taxpayer funded housing while
your rent and housing costs skyrocketed.
Over 60% of growth in the rental market
came from foreign migrants. At the same
time illegal aliens stole American jobs
and flooded emergency rooms getting free
health care and education paid for by
you, the American taxpayer. They also
increased the cost of law enforcement by
numbers so high that they are not even
to be mentioned. For the first time in
50 years we are now seeing reverse
migration as migrants go back home
leaving more housing and more jobs for
Americans. In the year before my
election all net creation of jobs was
going to foreign migrants. Since I took
office 100% of all net job creation has
gone to American-born
citizens. 100%.
In the end government either serves the
productive, patriotic, hardworking
American citizen or it serves those who
break the laws, cheat the system and
seek power and profit at the expense of
our nation.
Look at Minnesota where Somalis have
taken over the economics of the state
and have stolen billions and billions of
dollars from Minnesota and indeed from
the United States of America. And we're
going to put an end to it. For so long
as before my election the vast majority
of good and decent Americans were forced
to watch as corrupt politician plundered
the halls of power, exploited our
taxpayers and pillaged every system that
makes civilized society function. But
not anymore and you see that every day.
Not anymore. We're putting America first
and we are making America great again.
Very simple. We are making America great
again.
Tonight after 11 months our border is
secure.
>> [snorts]
>> Inflation is stopped. Wages are up.
Prices are down. Our nation is strong.
America is respected and our country is
back stronger than ever before. We're
poised for an economic boom the likes of
which the world has never seen. Soon we
will host the World Cup and the
Olympics, both of which I got. But most
importantly we will celebrate the 250th
anniversary of the Declaration of
Independence.
There could be no more fitting tribute
to this epic milestone than to complete
the comeback of America that began just
one year ago.
When the world looks at us next year,
let them see a nation that is loyal to
its citizens, faithful to its workers,
confident to its identity, certain to
its destiny and the envy of the entire
globe. We are respected again like we
have never been respected before. To
each and every one of you, have a Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year. God
bless you all.
And there you go. That was President
Trump there speaking at the White House.
So you're watching the China show here.
Uh and I'm Yvonne Man in Hong Kong. I
also like to welcome our Bloomberg Radio
listeners who were just listening to
that speech from the president here, a
rare sort of prime time address. And
certainly really talking about the year
in office that he had and really touting
his economic agenda and really trying to
in some ways recapture the magic that
propelled him to a second term here just
less than a year ago. So certainly there
there's a lot of talk about the
inflation picture and really spent a lot
of time in some ways blaming the Biden
administration for why inflation was so
elevated. And he says, you know,
inflation has stopped under his last 11
months. And really talking about more
about the the policies from the some new
things that were announced. This warrior
dividend and giving every soldier $1,776
there to all service members. And
sometime talking about bringing down
drug prices for example. I want to bring
in Joe Mathieu, our Bloomberg Balance of
Power co-anchor. He joins us live from
Washington. Joe,
what sort of stood out to you in this
speech from the president?
Well, I've just never seen a
presidential address certainly in prime
time like that read that quickly. He was
racing through pre-obviously
written remarks and barely took a breath
it sounded like as he went through copy
that lasted just shy of 20 minutes.
Starting with the line, "11 months ago I
inherited a mess and I am fixing it."
This was largely a greatest hit speech.
There were a lot of questions about
whether the president would announce any
new policies with regard to Venezuela
for instance
with the military action and the
blockade that he announced last evening.
The one new thing that we heard and we
heard some whispers about this before
the president spoke was this warrior
dividend. He says in honor of the
nation's founding in 1776 more than 1.4
million military service members will
receive a special warrior dividend
before Christmas. He says the checks are
already in the mail and this money is
from the tariff regime which of course
he had good things to say about.
President talked indeed about inflation
and this is something that really helped
to prompt the speech, the issue of
affordability. And I thought it was
interesting to hear him not only blame
President Biden to your point for
increasing prices but he also ran
through actual items with their
inflation numbers tied to them. He says
Thanksgiving turkey down 33%. Eggs are
down. He walked through everything else
he said falling rapidly which is of
course not true. But right in the middle
of that speech he also said, "Quote,
it's not done yet.
But boy are we making progress." And
that sounds a lot different than the
Democrat hoax that he was calling
affordability and inflation just a
couple of days ago.
Joe, who do you think this message was
for? There there's been some
you know, concerns among the MAGA base,
you know, that perhaps the president has
been spending much of his first year
really just dealing with you know,
foreign affairs, trade wars, wars
externally. Is this is this a message to
them?
Well, sure. I I That's the case. I'm
sure it's a message to everyone. The
president's been hearing from his
pollsters for weeks and and even months
now that affordability and even more
specifically this issue around
healthcare premiums rising in the
country will be likely once again the
preeminent issue when we get on the
campaign trail for the midterms. So,
they're trying to get their arms around
this and this speech coincides with a
new cadence of travel that the president
is pursuing in his first speech on
affordability in Pennsylvania last week.
J.D. Vance was out there today and we
know that he's going to continue to
travel the country and beat the drum on
this issue knowing that he will not be
on the ballot when the midterm elections
come about. He talked about a few other
things as well by the way including the
Fed and we're waiting to get his pick of
course for the next Fed chair.
No real news there other than to say
that I will soon announce the next chair
of the Fed and someone he said who
believes in lower interest rates by a
lot. Our reporting would suggest that
that won't come until early January and
it's down to three at this point now.
So, the president will have a few things
to consider. He did get into the matter
of health insurance as well. No new plan
tonight. There was a thought that he
might come forth with the architecture
or the framework for a new proposal or
maybe even encourage Republican
moderates to vote for an extension of
Obamacare subsidies. He simply again
pointed to his wish to have people
receive money and buy their own health
insurance instead of having it going
directly to the companies. So, not a lot
new here tonight outside of the warrior
dividend but a chance for the president
to get in people's living rooms in the
middle of primetime.
Yeah, what Do [clears throat] you think
that this was a Can we call this some
some sort of reset? I mean, the way to
really use this platform to to recapture
the magic from 1 year ago. Do you think
he successfully did that, Joe?
I think that might be overplaying what
was even possible here. This is a
president who speaks to the American
people just about every day if not
several times a day. So, I'm not sure it
has the same weight or impact to show up
in primetime like this interrupting
people's TV shows to go through a lot of
ideas that have already been heard.
Granted, he could be reaching a a
different audience in primetime. These
are not people who are chasing cable
news or maybe reading all of the truth
social posts or tweets on the latest
policy. So, there's some value here for
the president. But let's remember, he's
got a state of the union address that's
about to happen and I'm not sure with
the vitriol and the lack of trust in
this country right now and in this city
in Washington, D.C. that a single
20-minute address from the White House
is going to change that.
Joe, appreciate the time. Thank you. Joe
Mathieu, there our Washington
correspondent and co-anchor of Bloomberg
Balance of Power.
All right. We're going to talk a little
more about plenty of more of this that
when it comes to the geopolitics and of
course the domestic politics in the US.
Global risk consultancy firm Control
Risks will be with us later on for more
on President Trump's primetime address
and their 2026 geopolitics outlook
that's going to be coming up on Insight
with Has. Here's your market check here
right now. Of course, we're about an
hour into well, an hour and a half into
an hour I should say into the Chinese
session here. US futures though are
still pointing on the positive side. In
fact, Nasdaq futures are a little bit
more punchier. We're up about a third of
1%. So, some of those AI sort of wobbles
maybe we'll see if that actually
continues here on on the Thursday
morning when Wall Street wakes up here.
But certainly that is what has been
weighing risk assets here in Asia here
today. I want to take a look at what
greater China markets are doing, right?
Yesterday was that late day session
rally that we saw that really reversed a
lot of the negativity. Today it seems
like it's a bit more nuanced and mixed,
right? You take a look at how CSI 300
is. We're slightly to the downside.
We're still on track. Maybe we'll see if
we see any sort of correction that's
been hit when it comes to the MSCI
China. Also, the eight share market.
[music]
We're flat when it comes to the Hang
Seng here today but not a whole lot of
conviction really when you take a look
at
>> [music]
>> the benchmarks here today. We have
plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break and I
think we can start the countdown, right?
We're about 24 hours away from that BOJ
meeting. And yes, largely expected to of
course hike rates there. And certainly
when you have this BN survey that just
came out here, all economists surveyed
expect a 25 basis point hike and
possibly penciling in a another hike by
July of 2026. So, this is what the
market is doing just 24 hours before
that big policy decision. We're up we're
down about 1% for the Nikkei 225 and
we're flat. Slightly weaker when it
comes to the Japanese currency here.
We're at 155 levels for yen. Not much
movement when it comes to the JGB market
but we're watching of course the the
sort of AI concerns that are really kind
of weighing on the likes of SoftBank
here today. So, we're down about 3%
coming off already some of the initial
lows. We were initially you know, low as
a 6% for the stock. So, there's also
this whole AI Open AI talks of
fundraising at a valuation around 750
billion. That's according to information
that came out just a few hours ago. But
really it was you know, concerns about
what we saw with Oracle and this whole
Blue Owl sort of how you know, they're
not providing equity here in some of you
know, their AI ambitions. So, certainly
that led to some wobbles here in the
overall AI sort of story. The rest of
Asia is looking like this here. So,
slightly under pressure. US futures
though at least are still in positive
territory here but every sector seems to
be in the red with the exception of
finance as well as healthcare but both
of those of which are flat here this
morning. We also have November CPI
prices coming through from the US a
little bit later on as well to deal
with. We're also looking at some of
these chipmakers in Asia. You know, it
wasn't just the whole Oracle sort of
story though, right? You square that
with what we heard with Micron as well.
I mean, they gave out a pretty upbeat
forecast when it came to the current
quarter. And a sign that really demand
and supply shortages are allowing the
company to charge more. Let's bring in
our Bloomberg tech correspondent
Annabelle Jewel. She joins us now live
from Sydney. You know, what did you make
of the first of all, Micron and the
guidance that we heard from there?
Micron was strong. I mean, that was sort
of the key takeaway. So, they gave the
guidance for the current fiscal quarter
they're in and they're saying that
they're going to be making up to 19.1
billion dollars in revenue. So, you
compare that to what analysts had been
estimating 14.4 billion dollars [snorts]
and you're completely well off that
mark. So, there's a couple of different
trends that that Micron's being able to
capitalize on here. Firstly, you're
seeing really strong computing or
components
demand really for its AI computing
components. So, very much outstripping
supply and that's really benefiting
companies like Micron. But there's also
been a shortage of the less
sophisticated memory that's being used
in things like PCs and so that is as
well playing into the figures for the
company. Again,
you saw that reflected in the CEO's
statement. He's saying that Micron is an
essential AI enabler. But you also saw
it in the trading activity because
rising in late trade. But I think just
back to your point, there was sort of
that Oracle story as well and and that
really sort of seems to be denting
appetite for tech stocks generally in
Asia today.
Yeah, can you tell us a little more
about that, right? This
Why do you think that
rattled the market so much? The fact
that Blue Owl
is not going to be contributing any
equity into this data center in
Michigan. Why do you think it's you
know, the market was so sensitive to it?
Yeah, I think the market's just
sensitive to anything that doesn't go
exactly as planned essentially and any
sort of data center roll out
goes a little bit off piste really does
spook investors. And so, the story here
is that that
Blue Owl has been a long time partner of
of Oracle when it comes to financing
their AI infrastructure and they're not
going to be one of the partners that's
on the Michigan project or a project
that's in Michigan in particular. So,
this was enough to to really send Oracle
under pressure and and you saw as well
that being reflected across the tech
complex in the session. And also in
parts what we're seeing for instance,
SoftBank's been one of the big laggards
in the Asian session so far today. But I
mean, there are some some potential
reasons that we're getting for this
including the political climate for
instance in Michigan. One of the reasons
perhaps that that that uh
that we're hearing that that Blue Owl
might be walking away from this. There
are still key partners that are involved
and Blackstone for instance is one of
those and the project does seem to be
otherwise moving ahead of schedule.
Okay.
Open AI. I mean, this valuation
continues to be explosive one according
to the information. You're talking about
750 billion now in terms of valuation
according to their reporting. What more
do we know at this point about that
fundraising round?
Yeah, it's it's really exceptional. I
mean, it's 750 billion dollars. You're
you're essentially at a valuation that's
50% higher than when we saw the last
share sale for Open AI back in October.
So, it just tells you that that still
there's a lot of
hype and and and
optimism around this business because
Open AI of course we've seen concerns
around it specifically relating to its
performance versus Alphabet's Gemini
model as well. But yeah, so what the
information is saying here is that that
Open AI could be looking at raising as
much as 100 billion dollars. That
valuation for the business as well could
be rise or raised as we said to 750
billion dollars. So, they're looking at
sources or hearing from sources that are
close to it. But that's
follows what we had yesterday because
again the information reporting here
that Amazon was looking to tip about 10
billion dollars into the business and
that would also be maybe
Open AI purchasing some of the the
Amazon chips that they're working on as
well. So, yes that certainly has been
capturing a lot of attention. That story
coming out in the last couple of hours.
All right, Bell. Thank you. Our tech
reporter Annabelle Jewel joining us live
from Sydney there. And of course, as we
talk about AI, we talk about what are
some of the big sort of trade sort of
decisions there for many money managers
out there, right? As you start to see
global trade tensions ease, Asia's
policy reforms and domestic economic
fundamentals will play a bigger role in
investment decisions next year. That's
according to some of the money managers
that our team has been talking to. Let's
bring in our senior Asia equities
reporter Abhishek Vishnoi. He's been
part of that whole story and really
talking to what people are looking at
for 2026.
Uh walk us through some of the the key
things and and sectors to watch next
year, Abhishek.
Well, based on our reporting, what we
get is that people um investing in Asia
are actually trying to look more inward
into the region rather than very big uh
global themes to begin with.
Um and we've talked to trillion-dollar
managers including the likes of Fidelity
and T. Rowe. What we got is uh there are
five key themes that the they're
focusing on that we that everybody's
focusing on. First is pro-shareholder
reforms, uh largely in direction of
what, you know, um Korea is doing with
its value program, what Japan has shown
the world with Abenomics, and what
Singapore is now trying to do as well.
So, that theme is
uh pretty important and and and tops the
preference uh and thereafter we have
theme of government support in China.
Um it's
uh largely focusing on the 15th 5-year
plan running through 2030, highlighting
technology and couple of other focus
areas for China. Apart from that, of
course, we're looking at AI spending as
well. Uh Korea remains um you know, very
much a top bet there, same with Taiwan.
Uh and there there is some bit of focus
on AI hedging as well, given the
valuations that AI stocks have been
commanding now, they given the risk of
bubble and the fears that you you guys
were talking about. So, there is a
little bit of focus on India Indonesia
stocks as well that can provide a
relative hedge.
Uh and then thereafter there is again a
bit more focus on Korean and Indian
bonds given the yields that they are
offering, the easing bias that is there
in the markets. Um
banks are also emerging as a favorite
theme, but that's a very global bet and
and in within the same direction, you
know, there there are some takers for
bank bonds as well.
Yeah, can you tell us some more about
the whole AI play, right? So, it is it's
almost like they need tech and non-tech
sort of
sort of uh a balance here because it
seems like they're still quite positive
about markets like the North Asia,
Koreas and the Japans and and the
Taiwans. But there's still this need to
really diversify, and I think India
seems to be the bigger answer compared
to maybe even China tech, which people
were saying was a good diversifier away
from some of the sort of global AI
trades. Well, you know,
what what are you what are you hearing
on that front?
I mean, that's right, you know, if you
look what has happened over the last 2 3
years is, you know, China and US markets
are moving in tandem with with each
other, and it's not to just to do with
price action. You got to think about
creation of market cap creation of those
sectors and themes which are leading the
markets there. And you know, those
themes are very much similar because US
and China are now probably commanding
equal heft in the mind of some of the
top investors even if the China's
waiting in some of the indexes has been
capped. So, that's why these two markets
are moving, you know, neck to neck
with each other. And you know, both are
at center of, you know, this uh
um of
trade war, war for tech supremacy. So,
the actions and the correlation pretty
much there to remain. Now, within this
context, of course, China is commanding
low valuations. Taiwan and Korean stocks
are also commanding low valuations for,
you know,
let's say for the sense of the of the
past, you know, the policies that have
been there, therefore they're commanding
low valuations. So, that makes them
relatively safer, and that's why the
excitement is there on the AI spending
place. But at the same time, you've got,
you know, the mother of all markets, US,
where AI stocks are commanding obnoxious
valuations.
Um people are
wondering whether the spending would
continue. You've seen people getting a
bit more uncomfortable with
you know, Oracle CDS spread, you know,
some people pulling down funding as
well. So, that is you know, making them
hedge this as well. Now, you know, to
hedge something which is very AI driven,
you need to look at something which is
not got any AI. So, that's where India,
Indonesia, these names are
you know, coming up. These markets by
their structure are very rural. It
reminds me of a time when, you know,
Southeast Asia became
you know, sort of a darling of investors
because it had no tech stocks. Now it
does. So, you know, [snorts] as long as
these markets
don't get that kind of exposure or that
kind of market cap created, it will
happen in due course. AI market cap
would come in these markets in due
course. Till that time, they will serve
as good hedges. So, that's why, you
know, they are very much Asia is very
much in a in a good space. Whether
you're looking to play AI as a long bet,
you've got cheaper pick and shovel
stocks. And if you're looking for hedge,
you know, you've got India and
Indonesia.
All right, Abhishek, thank you. Great
stuff there.
And really how people are positioning
around the whole Asia sort of
backdrop when it comes to equities is
really quite interesting, right? It
seems like there's value everywhere you
look so far for next year. The backdrop
still looks pretty positive. Abhishek
Vishnoi, our senior Asia equities
reporter. Coming up, we're going to talk
about what happened with BP, right?
[music] Meg O'Neill is set to become big
oil's first female CEO as BP appoints
her to the top job. We'll get you the
latest next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Robinhood is betting big on the
prediction market space, which allows
traders to wager on global events from
sports to finance, politics, and even
the weather. CEO Vlad Tenev spoke with
us about the growing interest in
prediction markets beyond sports and how
he sees the space evolving.
There's
a tremendous amount of value in the
diversity and variety of contracts. And
what we're actually seeing, similar to
trading, a lot of people that actually
have strategies. So, it's not, you know,
it's it's not as much of like I'm buying
a team because I'm I'm a fan of it, but
there's systematic trading and
people are are analyzing these things
and they have strategies around it.
And it goes beyond sports.
You guys were mentioning the
Warner Brothers merger situation. Uh
if if you notice,
the question on everyone's mind is
what's likely going to happen to Warner
Brothers. Who who's going to acquire the
company? Is it going to be Netflix or
Paramount Skydance or neither of the
above? And right now, we look at the
stock prices, right? And we try to
reverse engineer what's happening with
the situation. Well, there's a
prediction market that we illustrated on
the platform, and you can see last night
it was showing 55% chance Paramount
would would actually be the ultimate
acquirer. This morning, it went to 75%
Netflix.
So, even in terms of what value they
provide to the news, um
it can be incredibly powerful and and
more direct to zero in on the results of
that specific outcome.
And now, I'm not saying everyone should
be trading prediction markets. Like any
derivatives market, I think people have
to make sure it's it's right for them.
But I think they're they're resonating
quite strongly with our active traders.
And also, I think they're a great way
for other folks who may be interested in
trading to to learn about the new asset
class. It's an incredibly
competitive space, Vlad. I I don't need
to tell you that. And and you have, you
know, companies and and people being
minted billionaires as a result of the
competitive space right now. I'm
wondering about the dynamics and how you
view the competitive dynamics and
whether you have an edge after acquiring
LedgerX. Talk about that a little bit.
Yeah, I mean, right now, we're the
largest broker in in the space. And
actually, the brokerage landscape is not
very competitive. I mean, we're pretty
much the only game in town. In terms of
the exchanges offering prediction market
services,
I think there's a big argument to be
made for this to be an increasingly
institutional business over time. In the
same way that crypto markets started off
being
exclusively retail and have sort of like
built up institutional adoption over
time.
I think I think you can make a perhaps
even stronger argument that the same is
going to happen with prediction market
event contracts.
And that was the Robinhood CEO Vlad
Tenev there speaking with our colleague
Tim Stenovec. Well, to another story
that we are tracking, and a big story
here in the Asia-Pacific, uh we're
tracking Woodside after it announced its
now former CEO Meg O'Neill is taking the
top job at BP. Now, that will make her
big oil's first female chief executive.
Let's get to our oil trade reporter
Rongs Wei Neo joining us now. Rongs Wei,
thanks so much for joining us.
Was this a bit of a surprise, I guess,
for for many of you guys that cover
these two companies?
Right, it was indeed a huge move. Uh it
was a huge shake-up, actually. Uh there
was a lot of hustle and bustle when the
announcement was actually made. Now, of
course, what we do know was that BP was
actually on its search for its next
chief executive, but the candidate
taking on Meg O'Neill from Woodside came
as a sort of a surprise. Now, let's dive
deeper into why BP was actually looking
for a new leader. So, BP, as one of the
oil majors
in the West, it has been failing in
terms of its profits. It has faced
countless of investor pressure to kind
of bring up its financial performance.
Notably, one of its biggest, I would say
its biggest hurdles, would be its failed
pivot and investments into green energy.
Now, of course, they've been on a hunt
for a successor. It's the CEO that just
stepped down, Murray, has only held the
position for less than 2 years. And with
this surprise pick, Meg from Woodside,
with her track record, I think there's
quite a bit of expectations on how she's
expected to shake up the company's
performance and hopefully, let's see
what kind of shifts, huge shifts, she
will bring to this to the company and
the industry.
Yeah, given her track record at
Woodside, what do you think she can
bring to the table really for BP?
Well, so at Woodside, she has made
tremendous progress, aggressive moves
actually that is touted by a lot of
analysts. Woodside has shifted from
Australian producer and has expanded its
LNG business with a global footprint.
She's known for making aggressive moves.
So, there was a huge acquisitions made
by Woodside under her helm when they
took over BHP's petroleum business. And
some of the analysts already are
expecting that Meg's movements to BP
could bring about more aggressive moves
and shifts either within the company or
in terms of its strategic directions.
Yeah, I like this Piper Sandler analyst
saying there's some pressure for more
aggressive everything on the table
server approach for BP and maybe
everything from strategy to portfolio to
culture that might benefit with an
outsider like Meg O'Neill. Runwei, thank
you so much for bringing us more context
on that story. Runwei Niu there joining
us there out of Singapore. Well, coming
up, we're going to talk about Pop Mart.
That stock route is raising questions of
whether it can turn things around
[music] as this Labubu craze seems to be
fading a little bit. We'll take a closer
look at the company's prospects next.
[music] This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're going to talk about
Labubus here today. Given that it's a
pretty quiet day here, but we do talking
about the whole stock of Pop Mart
itself, right? Certainly, when it comes
to this 40% slump that we see in the
shares in the last few weeks or so, it's
certainly raising a lot of questions
about the company's longer-term
prospects. So, there's this fear that
Labubu mania might be over here. The
stock is also trading near record low
valuation. In fact, we're back to those
sort of troughs that we saw of late. So,
certainly, it's going to be quite
interesting, right? Because maybe it's
just a stock story. Maybe people were
just running this up the stock too high.
Because when it comes to the growth
projects, the fundamentals, they still
remain quite extraordinary, right? Yes,
it slowed down a bit. When you take a
look at the first half revenue though,
that still surged to $2 billion. And
when it comes to the sell side, you ask
them whether they're still bullish on
this stock. Take a look at what we're
seeing when it comes to some of the
analysts, right? The average 12-month
price target for the stock is at 359
Hong Kong dollars, which is suggesting
about an 84%
above its last close or at least upside
from here. Certainly, that's going to be
a key thing to watch very closely right
now.
And really,
I think there's about 44 buys on the
stock overall. Let's bring in Lanting
too, our Asia equities managing editor.
She She joins us from Singapore. Talk a
little bit more about, of course, this
whole Pop Mart story and the the
tribulations of the stock itself, right?
We We talk about the numbers are still
quite extraordinary, but analysts just
can't quite determine what the long-term
prospects are.
Yeah, that's really the biggest concern
right now. People are quite obsessed
with its short-term numbers. So, the US
Black Friday sales was to them a big
disappointment. As you said, the numbers
were not bad. If you look at North
America sales quarter to date, it's up
more than 400%, but it is considered a
big disappointment because the previous
quarter we saw double that growth. So,
overall, that, you know, you're seeing
investors are being so punished
punishing in the stock market as you
mentioned, the shares down 40% in about
4 months, and short interest tripled
from November levels. And if you look at
their forward PE valuation, yes, right
now it's at a very depressed 14 times
versus 45 times that we saw just a half
a year ago.
And what are I mean, it seems like there
is a bit of debate, right? Whether the
the IP is there, you know, it What do we
have to look at to determine whether
this is going to be like a a Beanie Baby
sort of hype that fizzles out or
something like a Sanrio Hello Kitty, for
example?
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, a few things people are watching
out for, you know, whether they can be
like a Walt Disney or Hello Kitty, as
you said. A few things the company
actually has been doing. One is opening
a theme park in Beijing. That was last
year. Second thing is they have a
reportedly struck a deal with Sony
Pictures to produce a Labubu movie. So,
they're trying to do things that can
sustain that kind of craze or popularity
surrounding Labubu. But in reality, if
you look at Google Trend, the searches
for the term Labubu has really been
cooling. And if you look at the resale
market, the kind of price that a Labubu
doll could command before, like double
or triple in the retail price, right now
the kind of price is not there. So, that
is all correlated right now to its stock
price.
Yeah, I don't know. I
I see videos on
my Instagram of people at these Pop Mart
stores stores in the moment they drop
the box, and people are just jumping on
them. I don't I don't really know what
that means, but certainly there still
seems to be a lot of optimism around
Labubus. For now, Lanting, thanks so
much for breaking it all down for us.
Our Asia equities managing editor there
joining us out of Singapore. So, there
you go. We're focusing a little bit away
from Pop Mart and focusing on the
brokerages, right? The CICC resuming
trade here today. You are seeing upside
about 5% in the A shares here. Really,
those takeover sort of talks here, that
certainly is helping the likes of
Donxing Securities and Cinda Securities
here today. Donxing is [music] up close
to 10%. HSI intraday looking like this
here right now as we count down wrap up
the show. That's [music] it for us here
on the China show.